{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Rate and success of study replication in ecology and evolution\
\
The replication of empirical findings is fundamental to science yet it is generally ignored in the biosciences. Over the past decade, however, a replication crisis has prompted large-scale, systematic efforts to replicate foundational studies in psychology and biomedicine. Surprisingly, many of these replications have failed to repeat the findings of influential, high-impact work. Although little is known about the extent of these problems in ecology and evolution, there is no a priori reason to think that these fields are immune to the ails of other topics in the biosciences. Behavioural ecologists, for example, have a rather poor track record of replicating studies although considerable conceptual replication takes place (i.e. testing the same hypothesis but using different species and methods) (Kelly 2006).\
\
My aim here is two-fold. First, I attempt to determine how frequently studies are replicated in ecology and evolution by text-mining open access papers that were published in the category of Behaviour, Ecology and Systematics ecology. Second, I determine whether studies in ecology and evolution that claim to replicate previously published findings indeed do so. Third, I tested  the hypothesis that low replaction rates in open-access ecology and evolution journals (even open access ones) are due to their being relatively new and thus having a shorter publication history. I therefore compared rates in eco evo journals with those in a longer-standing multidisciplinary open access journal like PeerJ.\
\
By replication, I mean that a similar study (same species) was conducted again to test the same hypothesis using similar methods. Contrary to some authors (
\f1 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 gertler2018make)
\f0 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 , I do not regard re-analysis of data as study replication.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
}