{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Replicate in the sense of duplicating a phenomenon eg. Mesocosms replicating/mimicking what happens in nature\
For example van wijk et al. (2008) discuss replication with respect to experimental design.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Ramirez et al\'92s (2014) replication of Semm and Demaine\'92s (1986) study (cited > 150 times) examining magento sensitive cells in the pigeon\'92s visual system was not included in the forest plot. The original (~79%) and replicated (~0%) study both counted the number of magneto-sensitive cells in the pigeons system and will not yield effect sizes. Ramirez failed to replicate Semm and Demaine.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Independently replicated in a separate study (e.g. Simon 2013 did replications in different centers within the same study).\
\
Trnka and Grim (2013) and 
\f1 Mychaleckyj et al. (2017) and Kalinkat et al. (2013) 
\f0 offer familiar platitudes that things need to be replicated. Replication \'93qualitatively\'94 affirmed as in Kothapalli et al. (2016). 
\f1 \

\f0 \
Goto et al. (2011) explicitly outline how to best repeat their procedure.\
\
\
\
\
Moreover, the eco-evo papers that I analyzed date from xxxx, which is not long before PeerJ.\
\
\
 biology an open access journal with a relatively long publication history (x years), the multidisciplinary journal PeerJ. \
Perhaps the rate that I observed is not indicative of the overall rate \
Is PubMed OA a good guide as to the state of the literature? Why would replications be less OA than not. I would predict these types of studies would be published at a higher rate in open access journals like PloS. \
\
\
\
\
NOTES:\
Amos was unable to replicate M\'f8ller\'92s statistical analysis despite having the original dataset.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Conceptual replication\'85.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 phenomenon \cf3 Burks \cf2 et al. 2016 stated that they replicated Steiner et al. 2010 but it was a conceptual replication wherein the function of similar antennal morphologies was studied in two different hymenopteran species. Similarly, \cf3 Marshall and Stevens \cf2 (2014) and \cf3 Kandul \cf2 et al (2006) performed conceptual replications and stated that their finding replicate findings in other species.\
\
\
only 5 provided the data or statistics necessary to calculate an effect size. \cf3 Muller \cf2 et al. 2014 claimed to have replicated a cognition study in dogs reported by Range et al. (2011) but the latter provided only a Wilcoxon T+ statistic. \cf3 Troncoso-Palacios 2016 \cf2 mentioned that relevant data (molecular sequences, morphological characters) were not provided in original studies (e.g. Pincheira-Donoso and N\'fa\'f1ez, 2005; Avila et al. 2010) and so the study (phylogeny building) could not be replicated. \cf3 Troncos-Palacious et al. 2015 \cf2 state that they could not replicate the analyses of Medina et al. 2013 due to small sample sizes. \
\
Finally, \cf3 Nagasawa et al. 2016 \cf2 report partial, not raw, correlation coefficients; therefore, we could not determine whether they replicated McGreevy et al. 2013. \
\
}