{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I found n=21 papers that discussed conducting a study replication (Table X); however, only 11 (0.028%) actually replicated a previously published study. The remaining 10 studies either did not replicate a specific study, discussed replications completed by others, or simply re-analyzed previously-published data (Table 1).\
\
Of those 11 studies that did replicate a study, I was able to calculate an effect size for both it and the original study in only five cases. In the other seven cases, one replicated study was meta-analytically compared with other similar studies, both the replication and original were experiments with qualitative outcomes and did not record data, or either the original study or replication did not provide the data required to calculate an effect size (Table 1).\
\
Authors of replications unanimously assessed the success of their replication based on the direction of the effect and its associated p-value. This method was accurate in only two cases (\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 riemer2016reappraisal; pavsukonis2016significance) \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 based on the method of assessment used here (i.e. overlapping 95% CIs). On the other hand, (\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 mendes2011primates) \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 stated that they replicated the original study when they did not while the opposite was true for (\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 bulla2015biparental). (Ala2016postmating) partially replicated the findings of (jennings2014reproductive).\
\
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Replication success in other research domains\'85\
\
\
My conservative analysis of the open access literature suggests that approximately 0.028% studies in ecology and evolutionary biology attempt to replicate a previously published study. Although there are no published rates for comparison in the eco-evo literature, the rate observed here is lower than that observed in economics, psychology or medicine (5%: \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 wallach2018reproducible\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 )\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. \
\
If the replication rate observed here is low, and should be increased, to what rate should it be increased? Perhaps there is no \'91golden rate\'92; rather, we should aim to replicate only influential studies such as those that are published in 
\i Nature
\i0 , 
\i Science
\i0 , and 
\i PNAS 
\i0 (
\f1 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 kelly2006replicating)
\f0 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 . Arguments against study replication generally include their time and resource costs to pursuing novel research aims. However, that only approximately half of the replications supported the conclusions of the original studies suggests that there is need to replicate. The question ultimately becomes \'93How important in the grand scheme of science are the studies that are replicated here\'94?\
\
It is possible that the observed rates of replication are low because the studies analyzed here are largely open access papers published in non-open access journals. In other words, perhaps replications are more likely to be published in open access journals. I tested this hypothesis by comparing replication rates in PeerJ, an open access journal covering the biological and medical sciences, with those from the primary database. I found one study replication out of 3343 papers (0.030%) published in PeerJ, which does not differ significantly from the rate observed in more-specialized ecology and evolution journals. \
\
It is also possible that my search of the literature missed replications. It seems unlikely, however, that authors would not use some form of the word \'93replicate\'94 at least once in their paper.\
\
It is clear that authors are aware of the importance of study replication as many remark that there findings need to be replicated by others in order to confirm its validity.\
\
\
\
}